# :pushpin: 06

Do you work on weekends? If the answer is yes, you do that because you are obligated to or because you like, or because you are excited about something you're building (considering a five work days job)? The first answer is the worse and this is another topic. But if you chose the others, you're not wrong! I do that and I'm one of the biggest defensors of the *line* between your personal life and your professional life. Don't care about what people say especially If you know what you're doing and you are happy with that.

My professional life is also my life. What I do every day is try to seek the balance between them. Doing that I found the perfect balance in going to a doctor's appointment at 3 pm (when everybody is probably in a meeting), or going to the gym during the lunchtime (when everybody is counting the minutes to go back to work) or, why not, working on the weekends. But keep in mind, you should test carefully what is good for you and sure if you have this flexible agenda.


## :speech_balloon: Quotes

> "Balance is not something you find, it's something you create." - Jana Kingsford

## :link: Links

* :pencil: [Vanishing boxes with display contents](https://rachelandrew.co.uk/archives/2016/01/29/vanishing-boxes-with-display-contents/)
* :pencil: [CSS Background Patterns From CodePen](https://freebiesupply.com/blog/css-background-patterns/)

## :skull: Currently

* :book: _Business @ the Speed of Thought: Succeeding in the Digital Economy_ | :running: 35%

---

:house: [back home](../../../..#home)
